The practice in this language, due to effort, quality, commitment, determination, loyalty
to the teaching, loyalty to the practices, and then we really need to resolve, resolve
enlightenment with these languages. Definitely. Tangible resolve. Every teaching said, every
master said. Why are we not getting this? Because we are not doing enough practices,
or enough those qualities. That we are just still distracted by all the activities of
samsaras. So many activities that we do. Endless chores that we have to do. Of course, we have
to do. We have to do those. Those all come important to the front. Front. Everything
is in front of the line. Dharma practices is kind of almost a sight behind. And just
we try to grab because of time. And we grab. Otherwise it's so important. So bad. I'm
important. I'm important. Why? Hey, you forget me or something like that. That's why. Then
we're just always running to the samsara. And then even though we try once in a while
or grab or once in a day, in a short time, in a morning time, or sometimes during the
day, it won't make too much. For about 24 hours, we are wondering in the world of duality
for maybe 23 hours. So how much really we can progress? This duality is not just according
to what I teach. It's not just accumulated on this lifetime. We're carrying the whole
package of fast lives. Even a lifetime. Really just so many things. That's so many. Really
carried that. And now we're trying to play with that. But once in a while, for one hour
or half an hour, trying to play with that, of course it really will happen. Definitely
it's so strange, so good to do that. But that won't make big difference. So therefore we
couldn't become cranky or I'm not getting any result. So I've been practicing these
for 20 years or 40 years. It just looks like so. But in 20 years or 40 years, in 40 years,
for example, when you say 40 years, did we really practice it for one year? Have we really
solved it one year? How long did it become? I don't know. Maybe one month. But still,
teaching of the greatest teacher, the Buddha chapter, so powerful. Really powerful. Powerful
spiritual and resilient teaching and connecting, making connection, we are really making the
difference to our nature. It's so spiritual. So beautiful. It's not something that we lost
with it, but of course we can expect big things immediately. It's not something that teaching
is not powerful or my practice is not powerful. It is powerful. It is. It really helps with
that. But however, it just won't make big things. So we have to be more sensible and
realistic. Realistic and we have to be paid. We have to be paid. It's a pay-pee-pay-pee
something. So that's it. So this is a spontaneous inheritance. And this is a spontaneous
inheritance.